c:\users\cesarivan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\bin\Debug\ProyectoGas.exe.config
c:\users\cesarivan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\bin\Debug\ProyectoGas.exe
c:\users\cesarivan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\bin\Debug\ProyectoGas.pdb
c:\users\cesarivan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.5.3.dll
c:\users\cesarivan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\obj\Debug\ProyectoGas.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cesarivan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\obj\Debug\ProyectoGas.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\cesarivan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\obj\Debug\ProyectoGas.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\cesarivan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\obj\Debug\ProyectoGas.exe
c:\users\cesarivan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\obj\Debug\ProyectoGas.pdb
c:\users\cesarivan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\obj\Debug\ProyectoGas.Form2.resources
c:\users\cesarivan\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\obj\Debug\ProyectoGas.Login.resources
C:\Users\CesarIvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\obj\Debug\ProyectoGas.InterfazPrincipal.resources
C:\Users\CesarIvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\obj\Debug\ProyectoGas.InterfazPrincipal2.resources
C:\Users\CesarIvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\obj\Debug\ProyectoGas.Vistas.Clientes.resources
C:\Users\CesarIvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\obj\Debug\ProyectoGas.Vistas.Tanques.resources
C:\Users\CesarIvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\obj\Debug\ProyectoGas.Vistas.Pipas.resources
C:\Users\CesarIvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\obj\Debug\ProyectoGas.Vistas.Chofer.resources
C:\Users\CesarIvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\obj\Debug\ProyectoGas.Vistas.AsignarChofer.resources
C:\Users\CesarIvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\obj\Debug\ProyectoGas.Vistas.Dispositivos.resources
C:\Users\CesarIvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\obj\Debug\ProyectoGas.Vistas.InterfazPrincipal3.resources
C:\Users\CesarIvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\obj\Debug\ProyectoGas.Vistas.AsignarDispositivo.resources
C:\Users\CesarIvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\obj\Debug\ProyectoGas.Vistas.DesasignarDispositivo.resources
C:\Users\CesarIvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\obj\Debug\ProyectoGas.Vistas.BusquedaSerie.resources
C:\Users\CesarIvan\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ProyectoGas\ProyectoGas\obj\Debug\ProyectoGas.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
